When a pallet arrives at the working station, the system empties the scan results. Then the worker scans the order. Afterwards the system displays the scanning UI to the worker and in parallel, the worker assembles the part.

The calibration process of a cardboard production consists of continuously capturing a photo of the cardboard being produced. Each photo is analyzed to check if all the markers identified are ok. If markers are not ok, the calibration process continues. If the markers are ok, the speed of the die cutting machine is set to 10000 RPM and the process ends.

The manufacturing process of spindles in HSD company is fully automated. When a new order for a spindle arrives at the sales department, a new process instance is initiated. The warehouse system retrive the necessary raw materials, and in parallel the L12 lines is set up for the assembly of the ordered spindle. Once the warehouse successfully retrieves the raw materials and the L12 lines is set up, the spindle is assembled over the L12 lines. Subsequently, the spindle undergoes testing and running-in in the smart tester. If the outcome of the test is negative, the spindle is sent to maintenance. Then, the the process ends.

When craving a custom 3D model, as a first step you have to instruct an artist to create a project for you.  First you have to send him several sketches, and then tell him what to change until you are satisfied with the result. After that, you choose a plastic color you want to use for 3D printing. If you have the color at home (in stock), you check how much color you have left. If it's under 100 grams, you put it on your shopping list. If you do not have the color at home, you order it. When you have the plastic, you can turn the printer on and heat up the bed and the extruder (it continuously sends you back its status). While doing that, you can generate the gcode file for your printer out of the STL sent to you by the artist. After that you print the model.

When building a custom machine out of Lego bricks, you first need to develop the basic design. After that, you order certain Lego brick sets. You give the lego sets to a group of children which should sort the parts for you (into a number of containers). Your machine is built out of a number of subcomponents. You build them individually, using parts from the sorted containers.  If there are no more parts in a container, you reorder individual parts. After building each subcomponent, you have to test them individually and (if each test is successful) assemble them. If subcomponents are not tested successfully, you have to redesign and rebuild them.

You produce custom chainsaws on demand. Your chainsaws have at least 5 properties such as length of the "guide bar" (Schwertlaenge), chain width, electric or motor chainsaw. After your customer told you the properties, you can start ordering the parts from various online sources (in parallel). After the parts arrive you have to do a manual inspection of all parts, and then assemble the parts. During production, you regularly send updates to your customer. After producing the first saw you send it to your customer. If he likes it, the rest of his order are produced.

You produce airplanes. While the base model is always the same, your customer likes to pimp their airplane with fancy interior. You let them decide between a number of 5 different bars, the number of seats, their color, and the amount of water in the toilets of their plane (you can come up with additional stuff). After you received the specifications you send the requirements to different teams to manufacture the parts. E.g. manufacturing the vodka bar is done by the Russian team, the whiskey bar is manufactured by an Irish team. After receiving the individual bits and pieces, the interior of the plane is assembled, and the plane is sent on a test flight. During the flight you create a test protocol which is sent to you and the customer. The plane is delivered to the customer, which has to confirm.

For your contract project you need parts from several web shops. In order to find out which web shop has the right parts, you have to query them all, and find out how much they can deliver, at which price, and how long it will take. Create a list of parts that you order from each shop. If one shop has not enough parts, order from several shops. Always use the cheapest parts. The parts arrive in batches in a random order, typically they are +/- 2 days earlier/later. When the first parts arrive you start building. Sometimes you have to reorder parts. If your stock (for a single part) falls below 5, you reorder (the cheapest), if it falls below 3 you reorder again (the fastest). If it is zero, you write a mail to your friends, complaining about the webshops.

You want to build a tree house. First you collect your requirements, and send them to a tree house architect. The architect sends you back a draft, which you refine multiple times with additional requirements. You then create the list of needed materials from the plan. These materials fall into several categories, you order them from several online stores. While the order is processed, you send messages to several of your friends to build the house. After the house is built, you send invitations for a tree house party to your friends. In order to buy the snacks for the party, a list of people that attend the party is created.

A small company manufactures customized bicycles. Whenever the sales department receives an order, a new process instance is created. A member of the sales department can then reject or accept the order for a customized bike. In the former case, the process instance is finished. In the latter case, the storehouse and the engineering department are informed. The storehouse immediately processes the part list of the order and checks the required quantity of each part. If the part is available in-house, it is reserved. If it is not available, it is back-ordered. This procedure is repeated for each item on the part list. In the meantime, the engineering department prepares everything for the assembling of the ordered bicycle. If the storehouse has successfully reserved or back-ordered every item of the part list and the preparation activity has finished, the engineering department assembles the bicycle. Afterwards, the sales department ships the bicycle to the customer and finishes the process instance.